COPYRIGHT NOTICES:
 
CD compilation Â© 2003 Project Gutenberg
Creative Commons License
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons License.
 
Commercial use of this CD is granted under the following conditions:
Verbatim copies of the Project Gutenberg 'Best Of' CD may be sold provided that 20% of the gross profits are donated to Project Gutenberg. See the licensing information provided with individual e-text files for more information.
 
Copyright and licensing information regarding individual Project Gutenberg e-text files are provided in the header and/or footer of each document.

HOW TO MAKE A DONATION TO PROJECT GUTENBERG

Quick steps:

A. Send a check or money order to:

	Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
	PMB 113
	1739 University Ave.
	Oxford, MS 38655-4109

B. Donate by credit-card online (2 methods; details are below)

NetworkForGood:
http://www.guidestar.org/partners/networkforgood/donate.jsp?ein=64-6221541

 or

PayPal to "donate@gutenberg.net":
https://www.paypal.com/xclick/business=donate%40gutenberg.net&item_name=Donate+to+Gutenberg


Details:


Project Gutenberg's success is due to the hard work of thousands of
volunteers over more than 30 years.  Your donations make it possible
to support these volunteers, and pay our few employees to continue the
creation of free electronic texts.

Donations are made to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Foundation (PGLAF), a corporation registered in the US State of
Mississippi.  PGLAF is approved as a charitable 501(c)(3) organization
by the US Internal Revenue Service, and has the Federal Employee
Information Number (EIN) 64-6221541.

More information about PGLAF is available.  Visit
http://promo.net/pg/fundraising, or email the PGLAF's chief executive
officer (and volunteer), Dr. Gregory B. Newby <gbnewby@ils.unc.edu>


There are several ways to donate.  We want you to make a donation in
the best way for you, so have tried to make it easy.

In summary, we can accept checks or money orders in any national
currency, wire transfer or electronic funds transfer, and credit
cards.

If you want to make a donation in a way that's not specified below,
please contact us!


1. Send a check or money order in US funds.
Our address is:

	Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
	PMB 113
	1739 University Ave.
	Oxford, MS 38655-4109

Our bank, BancorpSouth, does not charge any fees for our use of the
bank account, or per-check processing fees.  100% of your intended
donation amount goes to PGLAF.


2. Send a check or money order in non-US funds.  This can go to the
same address as in #1 above.  The bank sends non-US funds for
"collection" and a fee is charged.  This fee is difficult to know in
advance, but usually seems to be a few dollars.  The exchange rate to
US funds is at market value.


3. Use NetworkForGood.  This is a Web site that accepts credit card
donations and does not charge overhead.  Donation is simple, similar
to most online purchase transactions.  A credit card with a mailing
address in the US is required.

The URL to donate is:

http://www.guidestar.org/partners/networkforgood/donate.jsp?ein=64-6221541

Your name, mailing address and email address are required, as well as
your credit card information.  You can choose to prevent sending your
personal data to PGLAF (also see our Privacy Policy, below).  Your
credit card information is NEVER sent to PGLAF.

On the donation form, you can specify a designation for a specific
purpose.  Although PGLAF will receive these specifications, all
donations to PGLAF go to general operating funds.
